docs(connector_sdk): Added the beta features subtag and installation.sh feature description (#79)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: README.md

</details>

<details>
<summary>

> Beta features

Reviewer: Private Preview features

</summary>

> >**NOTE:** The following features are in limited release. Please connect with our professional services to get more information about them and enable it for your connector.

Author: ```suggestion
>**NOTE:** The following features are in Private Preview. Please connect with our professional services to get more information about them and enable it for your connector.
```

### Importing External Libraries and Drivers

> This feature enables you to install drivers in your connector environment by writing a `installation.sh` file in the `drivers` folder, in the same directory as your connector.py file. This script will be executed at the time of deploying your connector, before your connector.py is run to sync your data.

Reviewer 2: We should mention that if customer wishes to use this feature, they need to contact Customer Support to get them added to the FF
@fivetran-sadiemartin Please share your thoughts
